USER/GAMEPLAY
Describe the gameplay
    Two paddles are bouncing a ball back and forth.
What are the conditions when the game begins?
    The game begins when one player moves there paddle.
Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
    When one player get to 11 points.
What ifs will there be?
    If the ball crosses over the board edge, then the opposite player earns a point.

    if the ball hits a paddle, reverse the direction of the ball

    if the ball hits up or down arrow key move the paddle in the right direction

    if a player scores 11, end the game and show the winners name.

    if the ball hits one of the paddles, increases the ball speed

    if the paddle hit the top or bottom edge of the board, stop the paddle

    If the ball hits board edge, return ball to the middle of the board and reset the speed to starting speed.

Visual Game component
What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components were the board and the box.
    The game components are:
    Board with the center line

    two paddles

    ball
Which will be static? (the board)
    the line 
    the background
    the scoreboard 
Which will be animated? (the box)

the ball and paddles
the numbers for the point system 
What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in Bouncing Box, the data values were positionX, speedX, and points.

positionX, positionY, speed x, speed Y

Events / Logic
What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)

    keydown
    keyup
    ball touching the paddle.
    when a player scores a point the counter should increase the number by 1
How do those events affect the data of the program?

    moves the paddle

    one player will use up,down arrow keys and the other player will use w and s 
For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen. It is better (and tricky) to be as specific as you can while remaining high-level!

    $(document).on("keydown", handleKeyDown)
    handleKeydown(event){
        (event.which === Key.up)
        move paddle up
        increase positionY
            maybe we will decrease the "top" css position 
    }

    (event.which === key.down){
        move paddle down
        adjust position y
    }
    

    when the ball hits the paddle{
        change the direction of the ball 
        increase speed of the ball.
    }

    setInterval(){
        counter++
        console.log(counter);
        should make sure that the counting system is working correctly and scoring points as well
    }
